This package was initially debianized by Herbert Xu herbert@debian.org on
Mon, 10 Feb 1997 21:44:40 +1100.

It was downloaded from ftp://prep.ai.mit.edu/.

Copyright:

The Unicode data file license is Unicode-License.  The other files are
either public domain, or copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation
and distributed under the GPL.

The GPL can be found at /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL on Debian systems.


GNU miscfiles NEWS   8 July 1996

Copyright (C) 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
See the end for copying conditions.

Please send GNU miscfiles bug reports to bug-gnu-utils@prep.ai.mit.edu.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.

----------------------------------------------------------------------


UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE

Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories
http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and
http://www.unicode.org/reports/. Unicode Software includes any source
code under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and
http://www.unicode.org/reports/.

NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S
DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU
UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD,
INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright Â© 1991-2004 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed
under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and associated documentation (the
"Data Files") or Unicode software and associated documentation (the
"Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Data Files or Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or Software are furnished
to do so, provided that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this
permission notice appear in all copies of the Data Files or Software,
v(b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice
appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in
each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the
documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the
data or software has been modified.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR
ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR
SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.



Thomas Bushnell, BSG <tb@debian.org> is the current maintainer for
Debian GNU/Linux.

